Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how's things going
Lauren Kelly: Um, so like last time we talked, um, there was that whole like emergency room thing. Um, so, since then, that's all been dealt with, um,
Lauren Kelly: So yeah, so we talked on Thursday, and I had kind of like written out an email a couple times and I was really kind of going back and forth with it and just editing and whatever. And then on Friday.
Lauren Kelly: So, you know, I'm like staying in my friends project. So he has a couple roommates that live in like the main part of the house.
Lauren Kelly: So my friend wasn't here. He was at work, but I had left to go this is Friday, I left to go get a coffee. I came back and
Lauren Kelly: When I got back the one of the people from the main house. So the washer and dryer are in the garage here.
Lauren Kelly: So one of the people from them. When I got back with people for the main house. I'd like the garage door wide open, which like has like the
Lauren Kelly: The air mattress bed. I'm on like my tablet, like everything out and like no one there. And I'm like, Okay. That's basically like it's like my bedroom open to the world or whatever. So I'm like, Okay, that's kind of weird. Um, so I go and my my dogs are in the garage. So
Lauren Kelly: I go in. I'm like hey what's going on. He's like, Oh, I was just doing laundry.
Lauren Kelly: I'm like, where are the dogs, and he was like I put them in the back. So I'm like, okay, that's fine. And so I started kind of doing something else for like a half hour 45 minutes
Lauren Kelly: And then I went to go check on the dogs and I noticed that only my little old dog was there and my other dog was just just completely gone. So basically, for like 45 minutes. My dog is. So basically when you open the garage door the dog got out and he didn't
Lauren Kelly: even realize it. And so my dog was gone. So I'm freaking out because I had gotten my dog's name colors like a week before I'd made the decision to change my phone number. When I got clean so like they don't even have name colors on them with like my new phone number.
Lauren Kelly: Or anything. So I'm just freaking out, like
Lauren Kelly: How could I let this happen. So I'm literally in tears. I'm like, oh my god, I've lost my dog like I
Lauren Kelly: Don't know if like I've expressed. You like my dogs are my life like they are everything to me. Like when the reasons I'm homeless right now is because of the dogs like I could rent a room for like 600 bucks a month, but you can't do that with dogs so like
Lauren Kelly: I would rather be in this dirty garage, then be in a nice clean room somewhere without a dog. So you know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: The fact that this dog. I was just so sure he was gone. This, this House is on a super busy street. It was like three o'clock in the afternoon.
Lauren Kelly: I'm freaking out. I'm driving all over. I'm just bawling my eyes are just screaming out of the car, Bear. Bear, you know, looking for him everywhere.
Lauren Kelly: And I finally just eventually just through luck I found him in God.
Lauren Kelly: But after that happened I pulled over and I just couldn't calm down, because in my head. I was just so stuck on like I lost my dog forever.
Lauren Kelly: And I couldn't come down and couldn't stop crying and something in me, just wanted to call Paul, am I do we hadn't talked since I think it was like 1am Wednesday night, when he had demanded the
Lauren Kelly: Emergency Room stuff, but something and he was like he was my best friend. He was like that person. I went to for everything, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Something in me and I was staring at my phone and I was like, wanting to push call, but I couldn't. And after like 10 minutes I finally was just like, fuck it. And I called him.
Lauren Kelly: And I told him, like what was going on. And he was like, I'm so glad you called. And he was like, even though he was like, to be honest, I wish you would have called when
Lauren Kelly: You first found out he was missing. I would have dropped everything and ran out there and helps you look, you know, instead of like after the fact. But, um, you know, we ended up having like a really good talk that day and then
Lauren Kelly: We said something about wanting to see me this weekend because we we actually haven't seen each other in two weeks. And since we met. We've never gotten more than I think like three or four days without seeing each other like
Lauren Kelly: And that was before we live together. And this was now coming up on like two weeks that I hadn't even like seen him.
Lauren Kelly: Since that day. I like left the apartment. I'm a couple weeks ago, so I'm
Lauren Kelly: He said something about wanting to like see me this weekend and I kind of like agreed to that. But then the more I thought about it after we got the phone. The more I thought about like how my experience of my experiences have been.
Lauren Kelly: Every time I've talked to him and seeing him recently and they've all consistent of basically
Lauren Kelly: Him. Telling me he loves me. I'm beautiful. I'm the love of his life, and then ending. It was like, but it's so much harder to have you round and you know it's worse off having you here, and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: So I end up in a worst mental place and it's this huge mind, you know, so, so I was trying to think, because again, like I feel so like, it's so fragile and I'm the one who spoke up. So if he wants to see me. It's like, I want to jump on that.
Lauren Kelly: But I also like the more I thought about it. I'm like, I also have to set up boundaries that are healthy for me. And if it's just going to be a repeat of
Lauren Kelly: Me going over there and him giving me this little bit of hope, just to like take it all away and make it 10 times worse than, like, I don't want to do, you know, and so I was kind of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Lauren Kelly: The afternoon going over my head. Like how do I tell him that, you know, because I don't want to miss things like I'm not trying here or whatever. But at the same time, like
Lauren Kelly: I can't just do the same thing we've been doing for like days and weeks now. You know what I mean, like, I just, I cannot keep in it and I, and when I finally talked to him.
Lauren Kelly: Later Friday night, and I saw him, I said, I'm not saying I don't deserve all of that. I'm not saying
Lauren Kelly: Let's just brush it all under the rug and forget about it. But like right now for me to be healthy. Like, I cannot keep doing that right now. I can't keep going there and getting this little bit of hope, just to have you like
Lauren Kelly: Just be so brutal and just have me feel like, then I lost everything all over again, like I can't
Lauren Kelly: Keep doing that to myself. And I said, If I have to keep living in the mindset of everything I did when I used when I used what I used I'm scared. I'm going to use, you know, if I have
Lauren Kelly: To I have to focus on the positive stuff I'm doing right now I have to focus on
Lauren Kelly: Even if they're just little tiny things that are changing. I have to focus on those things. And that's what's going to drive me forward, not
Lauren Kelly: Constantly focused on the sense of my past. And again, I'm not saying let's forgive all of my sins, let's let's forget about them or anything.
Lauren Kelly: I'm just saying this is what I can deal with right now you know and and so I said, if that's what it's going to be, then I don't think I should come over and I think we should continue to spend more time apart.
Lauren Kelly: And he was like, Wow, I didn't really think about it. But he said, to be honest, I didn't really have an agenda.
Lauren Kelly: Of you coming here. It was really just that like I missed you. And like now after hearing
Lauren Kelly: You know what you have to say, I realized like, that was really kind of selfish of me because I might have done that to you. You know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: He said, You know, I guess I really got to think about it and stuff and and I said, so I'm just gonna leave the ball in your court, you think about that and get back to me. But like if
Lauren Kelly: You have to be real with yourself. And if you're so so angry with me that like you can't be around me without punishing me that we need to still be a part
Lauren Kelly: You know, and you need to not
Lauren Kelly: spend this time together. So that was like Friday night, um,
Lauren Kelly: He I didn't hear from him Saturday, and then he called me first thing Sunday and said, like how you know he's really thought about it and
Lauren Kelly: That he doesn't want to. You don't talk about anything native but he said he does think we do need to talk about us and that we need to talk about
Lauren Kelly: What both of our goals are here because he said, You know, I think both of our goals are the same thing. And when he said that he means like us, that we both want to eventually get back together and and he said, but you know, I think we need to talk about
Lauren Kelly: You know, like how we both want to get there. And what we both like need to do to get there. Something like that.
Lauren Kelly: And I said, yeah, I mean, I agree with that. But, um, you know, I just can't have it turn into the stage where it's worse off that you came here, then you can, you know, and they said, no, I
Lauren Kelly: Really just like miss you and just want to see you. And so I'm Sunday I ended up going over there. And, um, it was it was it was it was
Lauren Kelly: Um, I mean it was crazy. It was like it was literally like when we first started dating, like we used to when we first started dating. Sometimes we would say, like, it's hard to kiss you. Because we just be smiling so much that like we couldn't even like
Lauren Kelly: Her lips to kiss each other because we're just expecting so much and that's like how it was like it was like
Lauren Kelly: We and I was like super nervous going over there and like it and it was just like we basically just like held each other and like and hugged and like we really didn't even talk much. We didn't even get into the like.
Lauren Kelly: Relationship stuff that we wanted to. It was basically just us like being just so happy to like be with each other, I guess, and
Lauren Kelly: I ended up spending the night there. And then, firstly, I had an 830 dentist appointment so like first thing in the morning. We just like me, Poppy. Poppy Like, we used to morning and
Lauren Kelly: Then we both laughed and an honor. Dr. Like he we so we were in San Ramon, it's like 45 minutes and conquered
Lauren Kelly: He works and conquer it, and my dentist plan was and conquer. So basically he like drove because my registration is bad. So he drove behind me. So like I wouldn't have to worry about getting pulled over anything the whole way and we were on the phone like the whole way just talking
Lauren Kelly: And we like. Since then, we've talked several times.
Lauren Kelly: So again, it's not like like we both know like we're nowhere in a place of like getting back together right now or anything, but like
Lauren Kelly: It was weird. And so like I was thinking the fact, like, then I go to. I go to this dentist appointment at 830 and then a good than a rush back to my friend's house in Pittsburgh to get on the thing for group.
Lauren Kelly: And like the second that group comes on everyone's like, oh my god, Lauren, you look so good. You look so much better and blah, blah, blah.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm like, I don't think it's a coincidence that that was like hours after leaving Paul, you know what I mean, like, I don't think that because you know the last time. Everyone saw me was like two weeks into like not seeing him not, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Just being really depressed and like, No, I don't know. And, um, I don't know. So I don't know I don't know I don't know I didn't even mean I don't know. I don't want to get like ahead of myself. But it was like it was, it was like when we first started dating. It was really like
Lauren Kelly: I don't know. It was really special and
Lauren Kelly: It was just really great he called me last night and was like, I just have to thank you for spending that time with me. It's the happiest I've been in a month. It was like those 12 hours I had with you like, between my state in this morning and
Lauren Kelly: I just wanted to like tell you how like grateful I am that you that you came and how much that meant to me in how he said it just reconfirmed from you, like how deep are lovers for each other and how much like there's really like nothing we can cut through and
Lauren Kelly: And then this morning.
Lauren Kelly: He sent me
Lauren Kelly: A text.
Lauren Kelly: He said,
Lauren Kelly: He said, prior to meeting you. I would never have understood what we have
Lauren Kelly: If someone started sharing their feelings and experiences that you and I have I have told them they were bananas, like you wrote a I know I now know what love really is. I, I know what what people have
Lauren Kelly: I know most people have no idea. I don't see a scenario where it doesn't end with you and I back together a scenario without you honestly means a life of depression a life of settling life.
Lauren Kelly: So I don't know.
Lauren Kelly: I feel good about it. But, but, again, so yeah, so we talked about all that we ended up talking about all the emergency room stuff.
Lauren Kelly: And I was just real with him about it and I you know I honestly don't even know why I did it. I think the biggest realization and come to therapy is that like
Lauren Kelly: Like so. I grew up with Mormon parents and the that the attitude. There was always like, if you can't be Mormon and you can't be this exact idea of what we want you to be like you're unworthy of love and
Lauren Kelly: So I kind of trace that back to that of, like, I've always just tried to fit what people wanted me to be because that's the only way they'll ever love me like I've never
Lauren Kelly: Like love me for me it's always been. Oh, if you can be this or if you can do that.
Lauren Kelly: And so I think that's where like the dishonesty in the line comes in, you know, it's like me, just trying to get old, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And and that I just really have to stop being scared of what someone else's responses are you know and and like yesterday there was this girl that was talking about.
Lauren Kelly: How her husband of 10 years still doesn't know the full extent of her addiction.
Lauren Kelly: And she made the comment. You know, I probably won't tell him for another five to 10 years and like both myself and Dr. NASA were like, what, five to 10 years that's crazy and
Lauren Kelly: And I thought she was kidding. And she was like, No, really, like, I'm scared. He'll divorce me and take my kid or something. And I was thinking, like,
Lauren Kelly: She's, she's doing the same thing. I was doing. She's like too scared to be honest, because she's scared of someone's outcome and like at the end of the day, like
Lauren Kelly: The weather weather like her husband left her forever because she was honest or whether Paul leaves me forever because I was honest, like, at least at the end of the day, I know that I told my truth and like I can look in the mirror in the morning, I can go to sleep at night.
Lauren Kelly: Knowing like yeah also hurt because I lost that person, but like, I'll know that I was truthful, whether or not the consequence was awful. Or it was doable and
Lauren Kelly: That doesn't change what my truth is you know what I mean, that doesn't change with like what actually happened or what I need to say, you know what I mean. And
Lauren Kelly: So,
Lauren Kelly: It just made me feel like, like, you know, I think I'm getting this now. You know what I mean like I am getting why I've done it and and so you know I told him, like I
Lauren Kelly: You know, I said I was so scared when I realized what I did. I didn't know how to come and tell you
Lauren Kelly: That because I felt like it would call everything else in a question that, and you wouldn't see it as this isolated event. It would make you think
Lauren Kelly: That everything else was a lot, you know, and he was like, you know, he's you know that you nailed it. That is what it doesn't. And I'm glad that like you realize that that's what it does in my head and
Lauren Kelly: You know that stuff he's trying to work through basically like I i think like we both kind of agree, like we can't
Lauren Kelly: Even like talk about getting back together until like we're in a place where like we don't feel the need to check each other's phones, where we don't. It's not like
Lauren Kelly: Oh, like let's get back together with all these stipulations. Like, I don't think either of us want to get back together to like there's enough trust there. And so we feel like we wouldn't need
Lauren Kelly: Her and so and i. And to be honest, I think that's quite a ways off. I don't think that's any time you know um but
Lauren Kelly: So I don't know if it's healthy or not like that. I went there on Sunday, um,
Lauren Kelly: You know, maybe, maybe you would say, like, maybe you should stay away if you're broke up with him. Maybe you shouldn't be there. But like all I know for, like, it feels like for my soul. It was really good for me but
Lauren Kelly: Maybe that's unhealthy. Maybe that's me, not wanting to let go. I don't know. I don't know. So I was interested
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, I think that you know the angle is that you guys work through this, you guys. Each own your truth, whatever it is good or bad. And that's, that's where you walk
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is in your own truth because that's how we grow together. That's how we grow individually. That's how we grow together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, sometimes truth isn't pretty. But it is at the end of the day when you lay your head down, you look back through your day and you know that you have acted in integrity, you have walked it in your walked in your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's nothing better than that. You have no regrets. You have no web of lies that you have to go back. There's no anxiety for the stress that somebody's going to find out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It is exactly what it is and have just gotten to this point. Lauren that you get it, you get it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And being able to tell him that being able to be honest with him about the, the, er, being able to say, you know, I'm doing this and I'm not going to do it. Perfect. But I'm trying. Yeah, I mean you got anything
Lauren Kelly: I was telling the girl in group that that girl that was having problems telling her husband yesterday that like I said like
Lauren Kelly: You don't know how good it feels when you can just be totally honest with like your significant other, because like you know when, during that like, you know, a couple weeks when I had first got sober and he was back and things are really great
Lauren Kelly: And he would ask me a question like,
Lauren Kelly: So remember that one time when I like give you that money lunches at my name. You're supposed to pay me back and he never did like what happened to that and we're like the old Lord would have been like
Lauren Kelly: My brain was started going oh well like $80 to gas. And then I had to buy dog food or whatever. Like I just like looking in his eyes, and was like, oh, that went to drugs 100% like I went right to the drug man and got those right that and like, no, it's
Lauren Kelly: Not it's not like a good feeling for me to look my boyfriend in the eyes and tell him I use this money that was supposed to go for a good intention thing for
Lauren Kelly: Drugs, I
Lauren Kelly: Feel good to me. But it also does kind of feel good to me and liberating people to see God. That's what it is. You know what I mean, like, we almost could like laugh about it and just move on because it was it was what really have
Lauren Kelly: You know, at me, and she
Lauren Kelly: In that moment I was being raw and honest with them because it was an ugly, ugly truth that I just sent it. You know what I mean. And, and as again like that wasn't an enjoyable experience for me but
Lauren Kelly: If it's double edged it probably was because it felt like
Lauren Kelly: Fucking I can actually say this now and I was trying to like encourage her of like as scary as it is like you don't know how good it feels to finally be like, Yeah, I did. I did do that thing. You know what I mean and and
Lauren Kelly: To not think of the hundred ways you can try to make it make sense to them. First, you know, which is the way like my manipulative. I'm used to work of like
Lauren Kelly: Oh, how can I okay so he gave me $300 if you went to gas 60 went to dog food 40 went to food I needed that to you know to and trying to figure it out like it.
Lauren Kelly: I can see myself turning that part of my mind up like even with Dr thing.
Lauren Kelly: My first thought was, you know, do I go to the ER today. And then like go online and try to change the paper and before that thought even finished in my head. It was no no I'm not doing that. I'm not jumping through hoops like
Lauren Kelly: If anything, I'm just going to own that i i like that. I'm not going to jump through hoops to deepen the lie. That's what I'm not gonna
Lauren Kelly: That's what the old me would it. That's what I did. The day of the hotel where I just deepened and deepened and deepened and deepened you know any mean and
Lauren Kelly: That's what I'm not willing to do like and it sucks that I have to get caught in like a lie, but I'd rather have it be in that like top surface. I then the 20,000 feet for lies done. I've done because I just couldn't pull myself out and say yeah you got, you know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: And I talked about that at like at length of that you know that I am going to fuck up that this isn't
Lauren Kelly: You know, I can't even say it's going to end with the ER thing and that that's the last one I would love to say, oh, it'll never happen again. I can't say that with like
Lauren Kelly: I would be lying to you if I said that to you, you know, and that's not something I'm willing to do
Lauren Kelly: But, but as long as, like, you know, he said like as long as, like, when I first call you out on it like I
Lauren Kelly: Would prefer that you were like, Yeah, you got me, you know, or that I would realize it sooner. And so he was, he was like, there's basically three steps. This there's like
Lauren Kelly: If I can call you out on it. I would like for you to own a obviously in that moment instead of digging in deeper
Lauren Kelly: The second would be that like you, maybe I don't catch it and you catch it. I was saying like, that's one thing. My therapist was suggesting, like that. I just pick up the phone and call you right back and say, hey, I don't know why I said that, but I need to close this up right now.
Lauren Kelly: And then the third step is that like I catch it before it comes up, you know, and that's when like
Lauren Kelly: I mean, not like I won, but like, that's when the day that happens, I will, I will really feel like really that will be a day I will celebrate, for sure.
Lauren Kelly: But that you know it's gonna take time to get there, you know. And again, I don't think like either. I started talking about, you know, getting back together make any decisions into, like, major work has been done there, you know,
Lauren Kelly: But, I'm, I'm trying, I'm really doing the work. And I'm really like thinking about everything I say and do and being like, really mindful of my actions in my words and my intentions and
Lauren Kelly: And I mean there. I feel like, you know, I know. It's only been a few days since I talked to us, but like, there hasn't been anything since then and I feel like
Lauren Kelly: I feel more like that. Like, you remember, I think, last week I was telling you how he said like the best.
Lauren Kelly: Person he's ever known was like that. Lauren and then again in January and that I was like the most like real beautiful raw person he's ever known and
Lauren Kelly: That it was like so beautiful to see like my soul and stuff. And like really coming through. For the first time, and I feel more like that like today and you know like I remember that first week of sobriety being like this really like
Lauren Kelly: It powerful thing and and being really walking in my truth and all that nice and kind of just life.
Lauren Kelly: Coming back and stress, whatever. I kind of made me fall back that I feel like I'm more in that like early sobriety mode of like just super motivated for everything to do things everything right you know and and to know that if I don't do everything right. Like, that's okay. I just have
Lauren Kelly: To recognize that call that out on that in that moment and not perpetuate the lie and not
Lauren Kelly: Making
Lauren Kelly: Any times where, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Yeah, so you get you get to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You get to this point where you either are stuck walking in fear and everything you do is fear based or you are walking in faith of Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. And when you own your truth. I mean it. It just, I mean, it builds your self esteem. It builds your self confidence. It makes you feel good about who you are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, we're not going to do things. Perfect. We're human. We make mistakes and if it's a pattern of behavior that we've had for a long time. It takes it takes time to get in a new routine and a new pattern.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And being able to do that and make that shift from the last time I talked to you. That is huge. I just want to tell you that that I'm so glad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That you were able to do that. And the second piece I want to bring up to is you staying the night with with Paul
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like you guys got back to the basics you got back to that piece of why you guys were together and you know you. There was no beating each other up. There was no you know none of that. And that is what your relationship is is that core root
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is every
Lauren Kelly: Second was positive, one negative like second in it.
Lauren Kelly: And I think that's
Lauren Kelly: When anything
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: By either. I think that's part of the reason why you look so great.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you weren't browbeat it again. You weren't your past wasn't throwing up in your face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You owned your truth. And you know what I mean. And he also is recognizing that and
Lauren Kelly: off my chest and the know, like everything is out there you know even if he doesn't believe that everything's out there. I know that everything's out there, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I like I slept really well last night for like one of the first time in a long time. I like I I had like an appetite yesterday for the first time in a really long time. Um, I, I think that definitely
Lauren Kelly: You know care. I think that definitely influenced that for sure, you know. But yeah, I was where I wasn't sure if you were gonna say like, no, that was a step backwards or
Lauren Kelly: Like who's I know like I've had those friends who like should really be out of a relationship. They just keep going back and you're like, What are you doing, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: So I wasn't sure like that was a healthy thing wasn't a healthy thing, but I know it. It was a really positive experience for both of us. You know, in. And yeah, I think. It kind of reminded us of like
Lauren Kelly: What caught us you know what made us want to be together in the first place and that like there is something there words, you know, like working towards. Eventually, I guess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right. And you know the great part about it is that you're not just up and running back, you're saying, you know what I need to work on, Lauren, I need to love Lauren again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'D BE ON TO IF HE
Lauren Kelly: Asked me to come up there right now. Like I wouldn't go back there.
Lauren Kelly: Like I wouldn't like there. A few weeks ago, I would have been a second right now like I really think like I need more time like I'm not there yet. You know what I mean, like, I don't, I should be anyone's right now. I think I
Lauren Kelly: Have a lot more work to do. And it's, it's going to be best done on my own, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Amy and at least like right now. You know, like I i really feel that I need that time, but at the same time, like so that that's kind of something. A question I have, like, is it
Lauren Kelly: Healthy to like keep him in my life and see him arena is good because, like for instance I'm tomorrow. So, you know, since I don't have like a regular address right now my address right heart health is still the same room own apartment.
Lauren Kelly: So, um, I have a urine analysis coming in, like, I got an email saying it's coming in like tomorrow. So, and you have to take those like right when you get them and everything on the
Lauren Kelly: Camera. You don't act like he on the camera, but they have to see you open it and every, you know, I mean, so, um,
Lauren Kelly: I was, I need to go to San Ramon tomorrow to go do that. And then they want me to do blood work which is still at like the pharmacy. Bye.
Lauren Kelly: Bye like this human apartment. So I was going to do those things to run here was like, Oh, I'll take off work early and like come home, so I can hang out with you and stuff and
Lauren Kelly: So it's like, so I do. I'd like hands with him tomorrow. And I'm wondering, like, is that healthy for me to do. I mean, I know that it was it was a really good positive thing for me on Sunday.
Lauren Kelly: Is it is it healthy to like still see him every now and then obviously not every day. I mean, maybe like once or twice a week for a little bit, or is that not it. Do I really need this every to really do the work. I don't know. I don't know. I'm just
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You already are doing the work. And that's the thing that you need to recognize
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You already are doing the work. And, you know, the plan is is that you guys are able to it, both of you because he has behaviors to that he has to change.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So, you know, the plan is for both of you to work on yourselves and there's nothing wrong with you guys getting together and spending time together where it becomes a problem is whenever you're in recovery or you're now walking forward for him only
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah you know where you're not doing the work for you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. But if you're doing the work for you and your, you know, your upfront and your own in, you know, working on owning your truth and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you recognize that you still need time for Lauren to love, Lauren. You know what I mean, there's nothing wrong with spending time with somebody you love
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What get where it gets crazy is and where, you know, you've got to disconnect and detached is when it starts getting abusive when he starts browbeating you you've got to be able to be strong enough to say we're not in a mindset to talk right now I'm going to come back later.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and
Lauren Kelly: I was really proud of myself because like the old like week Lauren of like a couple weeks ago. Like if he would have called I would have just ran over there and the fact that, like I had like the balls to tell him like
Lauren Kelly: Look at, like, I'm not saying I don't deserve you know all of that but like if that's what we're going to do. I can't go there, you know, and that that was hard for me to say to him that was really hard for me because I felt like he might take it as like
Lauren Kelly: I'm not willing to work on this. I'm not willing like I thought it might be
Lauren Kelly: Translated into something else for him other than just me trying to stay healthy. But he really did get it and he really understood, like I was just trying to set like
Lauren Kelly: A healthy boundary for me and like the most important thing to me right now, is he seeing you and me continue to walk on this path and like
Lauren Kelly: If that's what we're going to keep doing like that fact that makes me take stuff that because I just get in such a dark place and and I, that's where I make bad decisions you know and and I have to for me keep myself in that healthy
Lauren Kelly: Positively to focus on, even if they're just small successes like today's like my 45th day of sobriety of being clean like
Lauren Kelly: It to me. You know, like that's a small success. It's like those are, I have to celebrate those things I can't keep like downplayed them and act like they're nothing like there are something you know and I'm
Lauren Kelly: The. I just think like the most positive outcome. I'm going to have is if I focus on those things and not
Lauren Kelly: Again, I'm not saying let's forget about everything bad Lord never did like and not address that, but
Lauren Kelly: I just, I have to do it in a way that's healthy you know and and just coming down everything wrong with Jordan every day for hours a day. It's i mean i was i was like suicidal, you know and i mean i just i
Lauren Kelly: wasn't seeing a way out and and
Lauren Kelly: If I, if I
Lauren Kelly: can focus on the good stuff. I can at least you like that light at the end of the tunnel and I can feel like I see a way out of that, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: So for me it was really hard to like set up boundaries with him because I thought it was going to be taken us like me not willing to try as hard as you wanted or hope or whatever. But I'm really heard me. And he really like understood by and
Lauren Kelly: And the fact that, like he didn't just called me Saturday morning wanted me to come over miss me he really thought about it for like a day and like
Lauren Kelly: You know, assess like can I really do that. Can I just be positive or, you know, and I said, You. I need you to be honest with yourself. And if you're still that is so angry with me that you can't do that, then you need to be honest with yourself. Be honest about that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Lauren Kelly: The result of that is we need to spend more time apart, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: And I was scared. I was scared going there that maybe he thought he could do that. And then I was going to get there. And then it wasn't going to be the case. And it was going to go right back to
Lauren Kelly: You did this. You did that and I just can't, you know, and it was going to be a bad thing, but, um, I mean like we were both like sad to like leave each other like it was like it just like
Lauren Kelly: Basically left us both just like wanting more. Or you know what I mean. And it's it's a it's a good place to be compared to like where we did see the last month, you know. Um so yeah i mean
Lauren Kelly: I feel good about I feel good to know that, like right now there's nothing that
Lauren Kelly: You know, like, even just that era thing was just, it was killing me. Just like carrying that and it was
Lauren Kelly: Thing but it was, it was just weighing on you so much. Sure. Just like know that that's just been dealt with. It's out there like I explained to him I why I think I did it.
Lauren Kelly: How I think I can stop myself in the future, like recognizing those behaviors like while they're happening.
Lauren Kelly: The things that that bringing those behaviors out in me and trying to, you know, stop those things.
Lauren Kelly: Before they happen, keeping myself out of those stressful situations and things that push me to do that and and just and just owning the fact that
Lauren Kelly: This is an over, I'm still going to fuck up like this, this is just the beginning of the journey and there are more mistakes that are going to be made, but it's it's me owning them as quickly as possible and then eventually getting to the point where before it even happens catching
Lauren Kelly: You know, again, that will be just the best average um I don't, I don't know, I feel like
Lauren Kelly: I feel like it's disappointing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I hear that it's going good know suicide thoughts.
Lauren Kelly: No, not um yeah it was funny yesterday and group.
Lauren Kelly: Soccer announcer said like no thoughts of for yourself or anyone else. I was like, No. And he was like, yay. And I was like that sad at
Lauren Kelly: The festival day for me. And he kind of like LAUGH It was like, but it is or whatever. And I was like, that's, that's sad that this is the bar of success for Laura. She doesn't want to hurt yourself today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you gotta remember that's the bottom bar and you get to only climb up from there, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, wherever you have to start from is is you're beginning to to, you know, begin to build you you know because it only gets better. From here, Lauren.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, so, and said something yesterday of like I'm as soon as I stopped lying or stock keeping secrets. I started getting better or something and not really
Lauren Kelly: And, and, oh yeah, I was gonna say another thing you said to me, and I think you might have said this to me and like either first or second house in session. You said it a few times but it just really resonated with me and I was explaining it to all yesterday of
Lauren Kelly: What you say defend no more. I just, I really like that. And I was telling him like I'm just not good to defend things like that's just not
Lauren Kelly: That was the old me of like, Oh, no, no. I did this because of that. And Paul and let me explain into the did in like the wheels going in my head of how can I make this make sense to this person or whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: And again, like the early January learned that was me of like wouldn't that's like, Hey, what happened to that money that one time like
Lauren Kelly: It wasn't like, Oh, sure. Let me think. It was just I spend it on drugs. I went right to the drug, man. You had to me that money. I went right there and got those, you know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: Able to own that like I feel more like that person right now and that feels really good to me. Like I feel like I'm able to just be like,
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, that money went to draw. I could say whatever horrible thing it is. And as dirty and as horrible as it sounds coming out of my mouth that actually feels kind of good coming out of my
Lauren Kelly: God and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: Just to know like it's not going to come up later of like what happened in that money and and then the lies going to get caught up somehow or something. It's like, no you you know what happened. I, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: I feel like I'm just really like refocusing on just like that just is like my number one goal in life right now is just the honesty and integrity because integrity is doing the right thing when no one's around to see it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I'm not just, you know, I don't think I had a bit of integrity me when I was using. I think if you know say I found someone's wallet. I mean, this
Lauren Kelly: Never happened, but I'm sure if I found some as well with $1,000 when I was using. I never would have thought to turn that and I just would have gone into them enough money. You know what I mean, like,
Lauren Kelly: If nobody was watching sweet thousand bucks, like it you don't like it would have even been a question in my head and like
Lauren Kelly: You know, like that's not the kind of person I want to be, you know, like
Lauren Kelly: You got to think about that person, you know, that can be a mom and that's her rent money for the month or something, you know, and you just took that because it was easy, and no one was around like it.
Lauren Kelly: You know, like it just makes me really think just all my decisions from before it kills me when I think about the way I would make decisions before but like going to get loose with this. This is a struggle for me because it's like, like just then I was I just started thinking about, like,
Lauren Kelly: The
Lauren Kelly: The lines of code in the you know money. I like I just thought I'd never stole money from anyone. Like I never went to one person so many, but I would tell someone money was for something and it
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was for something else.
Lauren Kelly: I might still
Lauren Kelly: Be so I think all the money stolen. I think of all the lives. I think of it and I start to get this like really dark place and and
Lauren Kelly: And then I tell myself like wait, know, Lauren, you need to focus on the positive stuff, but then it makes me feel like I'm preparing myself to measly or something. And like I have
Lauren Kelly: Them like
Lauren Kelly: White shirt. You know, it's like they see don't do the private if you can't do the time I feel like I haven't served the time yet.
Lauren Kelly: Like
Lauren Kelly: To deserve to be able to focus on the positive that's like one thing I am still struggling with, like, when the negatives.
Lauren Kelly: I used to just live in those negative thoughts and get deeper and deeper and deeper
Lauren Kelly: Recently, I've been trying to pull myself out of it. But then my next thought is, like, no, you need to feel these negative thoughts you did these horrible things you need to pay the
Lauren Kelly: Price for your crime and and it. I feel like guilty like like no don't forgive yourself for that. And that's like
Lauren Kelly: A little bit ago you said something about like meeting to like love Lauren and like that's a concept like a still
Lauren Kelly: A nowhere near and I don't even know how to get there. And I like last thing about like about
Lauren Kelly: About having a relationship with myself. And I said, I don't even know what that means or what that looks like. Like, I don't know. So it's like I feel like I'm making this progress and everything, but I still don't.
Lauren Kelly: Have nowhere near loving me I don't I don't even like me. I still think horrible things about myself. I still don't think 45 days versus eight years of being a shitty person really means anything. Um, I
Lauren Kelly: I just, I don't know how to forgive myself and I don't know how to love and I don't know how much progress will make till I do those
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, can I just point out some things
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're walking in your truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What if that underlying statement is this going on is is I matter.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you are able to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To pull yourself out of that deep dark spot and focus on the positive you're saying I matter. Yeah, I'm human, and inactive addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: This is who I was. These are the things that I did this was my behaviors, but that's not Lauren, Lauren, the person that's sitting here in front of me today, the person that is doing the next right thing, who is working on herself, who is trying to walk with integrity and be in her truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That is where you're going to totally blossom and I can tell you right now that your addiction, has beaten you up enough
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you get to that point where you say, I have been beaten up enough. I've been beating my own self up my addiction is beat me up so severely that this is the bottom line that I was at
Lauren Kelly: And which was and I get so
Lauren Kelly: Much more punishment. I feel like I haven't paid it into costs like I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you think that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you think that people that suffer from
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Diabetes or cancer deserve to be punished.
Lauren Kelly: That they didn't get themselves there. I did.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, honey. You had a predisposition for addiction and did. And then on top of childhood trauma, the things that you experienced what you were told at 10 years of age, you know, that alone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is what led you to the life of addiction, not wanting to feel, you know, it's not like you were given the tools at a young age to be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To understand your value and your in your worth. You really weren't you were told the complete opposite which play it plays a huge role.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In the veering towards not wanting to feel and the addictive side. And so you're not just trying to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Figure out who Lauren is if you are learning to love Lauren from your addiction, but it's from back when you were 10 years old and you were told that your whole family isn't going to be able to go to heaven because of you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean that statement alone is so damaging. It's not even funny. And so you think about that. All right. You think about that and you'll get to a point, you'll get to a point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you say I'm tired of beating up on myself. I'm tired of this because Lauren is worth it, you know, to see a smile on your face, no matter how it got there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And know that you're on this other this other corner around from suicide thoughts. Those are huge. Those are huge gaping steps toward the life that you deserve Warren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to know that. And you might not be there today. You might not be there tomorrow, but you'll get there, you'll get there.
Lauren Kelly: I want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To know that
Lauren Kelly: forgive myself like I just feel so far away. It doesn't even feel like I've done a little bit of work and I've heard like it just fills football fields away like it just
Lauren Kelly: It just feels like that'd be too easy like to forgive myself. I've just done too much like I i kind of the way I see it, is that like all with the rest of my life.
Lauren Kelly: Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm here to tell you that in early recovery. That's how we feel we don't feel like we're worthy of forgiveness. We don't feel like we're worth anything.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, it takes time and work that you're doing to build to get to that point, and you'll get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you know what that day when you finally tell when you finally come into this, into this media you tell me today. I feel worthy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to cry because that's going to be a huge day and I'm not going to say it's going to happen to tomorrow. I'm not gonna say it's gonna happen today but you keep walking in this path. You keep working on these things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, you keep focusing on the good that you're doing. And I'm telling you, you will get there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And another thing about, you know, beating ourselves up over the past, it doesn't change the past, the past has happened. It's written. It's over. You can't do anything about it. You know what I mean, living in the past keeps us from being here today.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about that.
Lauren Kelly: But when you, when somebody wrongs you like say your husband cheated or something and then he just said, Hey, get over it. Let's move on. You would be like what the hell but if he's willing to, like, go to counseling with you and he's willing to put in the work like
Lauren Kelly: Then you see this person is actually like
Lauren Kelly: Hurt and they're actually trying like there's a difference between. So there's just something to me that feels like forgiving myself would just be like brushing off all these horrible things I did and I just don't feel like that's fair to
Lauren Kelly: The people I heard or third like like that would even be me like honoring and respecting like the damage. I did, you know, and
Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You have to remember that forgiveness is still a process.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just don't wake up one day and say, look, I'm going to forgive that person for this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, because there's the underlying current that happens right the distress. The, the little things that happen in their behaviors that bring that hurt back up.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So to truly forgive somebody or yourself. It's a process and by doing what you're doing, by saying, hey, I'm going to work on this piece right here because I see that this is the most important thing right now in my recovery that I need to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Believe it or not, it's what you're walking in the path to be able to be forgiven to forgive yourself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Matter.
Lauren Kelly: What about loving myself because that's that that to Phils oceans. Wait for me because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I died today like
Lauren Kelly: I mean, I like I
Lauren Kelly: Maybe I like me more today than I did a week ago and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know every time you go to the dentist. Every time that you are working on your honesty. Every time you get up and you shower and you wash your hair and you take care of Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Every time that you go to a meeting every time that you pick up and you're in here with me or you're in group you're working on that self love
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you're working on that piece. It's like that whole undercurrent of doing the next right thing right doing the next right thing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because right, good job.
Lauren Kelly: Here, I wouldn't be showing up to this stuff right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, exactly.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you remember that you remember that. All right. And don't allow don't allow your addiction to pull you and sink you back into that dark hole because who you were.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or your behaviors that you did when you were using is exactly that is exactly that. Because in another three months, you're going to be in a whole different place mentally and emotionally, you're going to be in a whole different place.
Lauren Kelly: It really
Lauren Kelly: Remember last week. You said something about these aren't Lauren behaviors. These are like addiction behaviors that really helped me because I was getting so second my head of like
Lauren Kelly: Wow. So now we remove the drugs and I'm still a horrible person. So, is this just like who Lauren was and AND THE DRUGS DIDN'T, DIDN'T impose that at all. It's just choose a shitty person before and after the drugs.
Lauren Kelly: But that really helped me and that's something like I keep telling myself like that's not for me behavior that's a compulsion. That's an addictive behavior and
Lauren Kelly: You know, YES, WE GOT THE WE GOT THE POISON OUT OF MY BLOOD. We got like the drugs out of my system, but that doesn't mean like the whole lifestyle. The whole mentality, like all that stuff takes a lot longer to work on.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, I've done, I've gotten the drugs out of my system nexus working on all the other stuff that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's exactly true.
Lauren Kelly: But it's not who I am.
Lauren Kelly: It was it
Lauren Kelly: Was the way I acted for a while, but it wasn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It was right. It was a behavior that's not Lauren. That's a behavior, it's a learned behavior. And you know what you can unlearn it, which is what you're doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's why it's important that you realize, you know what, I'm human. I'm working progress. I'm doing the best that I can do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you have to stay in those moments you have to stay in those thought processes because it keeps you out of that darkness that you came from.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, yeah. So you've just got to keep your mindset where where you're at. And you know what, there's nothing wrong with spending time with somebody that loves you. As long as you're not being beat up. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, mentally and emotionally
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, and I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Basically, yeah.
Look,
Lauren Kelly: Like for the first time, like I for so long, like in this first month where all this stuff happened. I just felt like I would just kind of surrender to it. And so if he was if he wanted to beat me up.
Lauren Kelly: You know, emotionally for six hours about everything wrong with me. How could I ruined us I destroyed everything we could. Like, I would just sit there and take it because I felt that I 100% right. You mean and like
Lauren Kelly: The thing that's kind of different now from like even just the last time we talked, is I feel like
Lauren Kelly: Now I'm actually strong enough to say like say I had gotten there Sunday, and that's what it had turned into I.
Lauren Kelly: Feel that I would have said I'm sorry puppet. I have, I need to leave now, you know, instead of just, this is what I deserved, like, give me your best, you know, and just
Lauren Kelly: Throw everything out mean the way I was like, and, and again, like that's not to say I'm forgive. I'm just forgetting everything. And I think we should all just forget about everything. Lauren did or whatever. It's just me knowing, like what I need to do to stay healthy and
Lauren Kelly: And that putting myself back in that situation where you just wanna remind me of everything I ruined and everything. I lost all the damage. I did like that, that those are the times that I think about going in using you know those
Lauren Kelly: That I think of ending it those are the times that I have those dark thoughts and
Lauren Kelly: And so I'm not saying I don't deserve all those things, but I'm not in a place where I can do that right now and and that's what I have to do and and
Lauren Kelly: So to know that, like, I'm actually in a place now that I could say whether it was a phone conversation, whether it was an in person interaction that I know that the second and turn unhealthy or the signature negative, I could say like
Lauren Kelly: This, this isn't healthy for us. And I'm going to walk where I'm going to get off the phone or whatever to me that that's
Lauren Kelly: That's like a version of self love to because that's me, not just saying, like, I deserve it all just throw it all at me. It's me being like, no.
Lauren Kelly: I have to set boundaries here and I've never been good at like setting boundaries and stuff. I usually just like like I Let people have their way with me and
Lauren Kelly: I am not good at saying no, this is what I need, you know, this is the line I'm, you know, I've never been really good at that. Oh.
Lauren Kelly: I it feels good to know like that. I'm actually in a place that I feel like I could say that without being scared of. Oh, he's going to see it this way, and he's going to think that means I'm not trying or whatever, like
Lauren Kelly: Maybe he will see it that way but like that doesn't change that this is a boundary. I need to decide for myself. You know, it's not spend the next three days after that thinking of how I'm going to kill myself you know i mean i
Lauren Kelly: This is just what I have to do right now, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A BRAND YOU'RE EXACTLY RIGHT. To be able to say, you know, I want to spend time with you and you know if you, if this is how it's going to turn out. Then I can't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If that is a huge boundary and a huge statement that says I'm defending no more, but I'm also not going to tolerate being beaten up and browbeaten anymore. And that is a form of self love
Lauren Kelly: But the difference is like
Lauren Kelly: Like I deserve it. Oh, that's
Lauren Kelly: Like your connective like I it feels weird state setting those boundaries inside of those things because then there's always some back of my head that says
Lauren Kelly: do deserve this all and then some, you know, like I remember when I first got sober and like
Lauren Kelly: And not when I first got sober. But after we broke up. I was literally thinking of ways that I could go to jail or prison because I was thinking like
Lauren Kelly: I, that would be a better punishment for me or something and then I remember thinking like
Lauren Kelly: Well, here I'm trying to get sober and get my life together. It's not going to help having a bunch of court cases. And so you know what I mean, that's only gonna make things worse. But I literally was like in this mindset thinking like
Lauren Kelly: I should just go to jail for a year or something like it was like I was trying to think of ways I could punish myself works, you know, and I mean like I literally like one go to jail or prison, I
Lauren Kelly: I just because I felt like whatever I was doing to myself just wasn't enough, you know and and so
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, it's like it's like I'm trying to do this self of stuff and try to set these boundaries. But then I saw this voice in the back of my head like
Lauren Kelly: But yet you deserve that all. And so, yeah, it feels weird when I tell them, like if you wanted to talk about the negative stuff. I can't do that. Well, I still
Lauren Kelly: Committed those times. I still deserve all that, you know, so it
Lauren Kelly: It. I guess it's getting to a place where actually believe it. I think I might be like faking it till I make it right now where I'm like, trying to set these boundaries and stuff and pretending that I like deserve that. I don't quite feel that way yet but I'm
Lauren Kelly: I'm trying to like do the actions to get there, to where I'll feel that way.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You will, and you'll get there. Every time that you make one puts forward doing in the direction that you're going it's it's really leaps and bounds. You get to heal you get to realize that you are not your addiction.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You are not your addiction and those behaviors are learned. And so now you're in the process of unlearning them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To be the person that you are the person that you are always meant to be.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and you remember that you remember your work in progress and that you're, you know, doing everything that you possibly can to change the direction of your life.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The direction of your thoughts, the direction of your emotions, you know, and really identifying and figuring out you and that's huge, you know, that's huge.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And to see you today versus who I met and the very first time that we met is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I don't even know if you realize the growth, just since I met you. I mean, it's huge. Lauren and I just want to point that out you know your mindset. Hmm.
Lauren Kelly: You really think so.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I 100% thing so
Lauren Kelly: Like I've made like couple baby steps that like nothing
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you've made bigger than baby steps. I mean, really, you're open to learning things different. You're doing things different. You're owning you know your truth, good or bad, you know what I mean, all of those are positive steps in your recovery, all of them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You just got to give yourself those credits, even though you don't feel like you deserve him still recognize that you've done these things. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you're right, you know, we hold secrets. There's a saying in recovering you know secrets. Keep a sick.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know, it's truth, you know, whenever you are thinking about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Whenever a situation comes up and your first response is to, you know, give a lie secrets. Keep a sick. Keep that that thought in your head secrets. Keep us sick because that gives you more of a motivation to go back and say, You know what, that wasn't right. This is right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, and there'll be times when it comes up and that's how that's what you get. That's what you get to do you get to do something different may
Lauren Kelly: Say okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. I said, I wish you could just realize and you will get to that point, and I can't wait till you do where you see that being on the side of things and working on self and working on truth.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole world just kind of opens up opportunities come knocking you know you you you have this freedom of negativity.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you get to say, you know what I did make a mistake. I am human, but again, I'm doing the best that I can today. It's like like trying to ride a bike, you know, if we fall off that bike. We're going to get up and get back on that by can try again. Yeah, it's no different, you know, different
Lauren Kelly: My, my brother's wife was telling me one time about how she caught like their daughter still in like candy from like the kitchen or something and
Lauren Kelly: When she called her out on it. I think she lied about or something in, and the story that she was telling her daughter was that basically like the theme was don't sneak like if there's anything you're doing in life that you're seeking to do like
Lauren Kelly: You shouldn't be doing it. You know, there's that like you couldn't just like pick up the phone. Tell your mom that you're doing like you shouldn't be doing. It was basically like 100% of my life when I was using stuff I
Lauren Kelly: Wanted to tell anybody. I was doing. And so that's something like along with like this secrets. Keep us sick.
Lauren Kelly: That that's a really good thing to remember. But, um, I also try to remind myself of that, like, now that I'm thinking of just like don't sneak like if there's anything
Lauren Kelly: That I like WOULDN'T WANT TO KNOW I WAS DOING OR THAT I WOULDN'T BE LIKE, happy to tell you that I did, or Dr Nasser like I absolutely should not be doing it, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: That's just something like it. It's I get my brain is to think that way. It didn't even dawn on me that I even was sneaking. This was just like what I did to get through the day.
Lauren Kelly: But now I really think about that, like, before I make decisions and like if this isn't something I could just openly talk to anybody in my life about then I have no business doing it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm, which is huge. You're to get you know you're really in a good spot, Lauren, you really are.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're in this huge growth this growth spurt.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome to watch. I just want to tell you that
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That where you are today is going to be a different place next week when we meet, you're going to be in a different place. And then the next week after that because the more you grow the more these things change. Yeah, right. And you think
Lauren Kelly: That I should be doing that I'm not doing that. I'm like blasting or that I
Lauren Kelly: Should be working harder on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you kidding me you're working on owning your truth, you're working on, honesty, you're working on self care you know you're working on those behaviors that kept you in your disease.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: where you're at and what you're working on right now is huge. The only thing. If I could get you to just when you find yourself going back and taking out all of the negative behaviors from your past from your addiction and feeling like you need to be beaten up with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mentally saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Letting them letting go of them, letting them go back in there in the past where they need to be and focusing on today.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what it means, saying, wait a minute. I can't do that right now. I can't pull things out of my past. I can't. I need to focus on what I need to do today in this moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Isn't that just hearing today just work on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's not forgiveness. It's
Lauren Kelly: Feels like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's just saying
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just letting go, letting go with that string of those past behaviors and saying, I need. I can't beat myself up today. Today, I need to focus on getting through today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Period and just getting through, through the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And the more that you put those days you'll be able to see what's in your past, you'll be able to look at it, you'll be able to know where you don't want to be again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Or those pick up those behaviors, where you don't want to be, but the goal is for you not to continually feel that you deserve to be beaten with them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because you don't you don't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's my therapeutic and personnel.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, experience and opinion, you don't. And my hope is that we can get to a point where you can say, wow, I can look at my past. I can see those things that I used to do. I am not that same person today.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know,
Lauren Kelly: Why I know I'm not the same person today but I
Lauren Kelly: I just still, I, I just, I can't help but think of like 45 days versus eight years and I the math. You know, it doesn't add up. You know, it's, it seems like 45 days is kind of laughable eight years.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, you think about okay, eight years. How old were you when you first started using
Lauren Kelly: Well, like you do like my drug of choice, the one that basically brought my whole life down was the north coast. I started that at 27 or 28
Lauren Kelly: But I started using like the first time I was introduced to me. I started using marijuana every day at 12 years old and then after that, I was like, you know, I'll call a little bit and then in college it was coke.
Lauren Kelly: And then, nor it was marvelous but North Coast was the thing. Nothing ever took control of my life where I was just willing to spend every penny I had and be broke every day and
Lauren Kelly: You know lie to everyone I knew, like any other thing I was using was still manageable to like work jobs and I have my own apartments and do all those things workers were the thing that like really brought me down, but I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Write it down.
Lauren Kelly: Using I've been using since I was 12 like I've been finding a way to self medicate since I was 12 for sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you think about what happens when we start using at an early age or actually any age we stopped growing mentally and emotionally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So we're kind of stuck there. And then when we do get clean and sober. It's like we there's this rush of of growth that happens because it was waiting for you waiting on you to grow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And 45 days might not seem like a long time to you, but I can tell you 45 days is a long time to be sober.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After how many years of not being sober 45 days is a huge is huge. And when you get to 60 days it's going to be bigger. And when you get to 90 when you get to six months of hell. When you get to a year that's going to feel like such a huge accomplish
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A years, know what I mean.
Lauren Kelly: 30 days was crazy to me like I never thought I mean even seven days was crazy to me. And I remember explaining to Paul.
Lauren Kelly: I remember telling him, like if you look at, like,
Lauren Kelly: 10 different blogs online and people trying to get off of Narcos like everyone would tell every single one of the 10 would tell you, like the first seven days are the hardest. So the fact that I needed like those for seven days to amazing
Lauren Kelly: That I remember when I was at my first meeting. There was a girl, getting the 30 day chip and and then that became my new goal and it's just like, oh my god, I need one of those like I am going
Lauren Kelly: To get one of those. And then when I got that. It's like it. That was just, again, like I knew I wanted to stay sober, but I hadn't really thought as far intuitive getting that 30 day chip and like now I'm come, you know, it's two weeks. I tell you my 60 day one, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: Again, like that's just crazy thinking of the grind. I went through every 24 hours just to make the money to go get the drugs to filter bit just to grind again to get the money that gets the drugs to feel okay
Lauren Kelly: And that was literally it like that didn't take a break on Christmas or New Year's or anything that was every day. It didn't matter if it was a holiday.
Lauren Kelly: Or if you know my dad had just died or whatever. What was going on in like the real world around me. I still had to go through that grind.
Lauren Kelly: So when I think of 45 days of not having to do that like that is pretty powerful. And that is huge, you know, and
Lauren Kelly: All the, all the bad decisions. I haven't had to make a 45 days all the running around all the lies. All the manipulation all the everything that I haven't done in 45 days, you know, any mean and yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes.
Lauren Kelly: The picture a year is great. I never even thought about a year until you just said it does not like to picture a year under my belt, I would see
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Me.
Lauren Kelly: I know I'll get there I refused to do this.
Lauren Kelly: Do this. Like I i've heard
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know they don't get there.
Lauren Kelly: But like I hear people at meetings and stuff sometimes that are like
Lauren Kelly: To give you that group yesterday there was a girl talking about how this is like her sixth or seventh time trying to get clean but this is the one that's going to stick and
Lauren Kelly: And i mean i hope i absolutely hope for her but I was just thinking like, and it's not that I'm better than this or anything, but I was just like, that is not me. I am not going to be here for my sixth time saying, this one's going to sit like no, no, like I i
Lauren Kelly: I'm going to do this once I'm going to do it right. It's just, I just can't imagine doing that with
Lauren Kelly: That was everything that's happened. I mean, I found out my cancers back I lost the love of my life I'm homeless I, you know, with everything that's happened.
Lauren Kelly: The fact that I've been able to keep away from those and even to the fact of having them in my hand last, you know, after that to thing and still say
Lauren Kelly: No, I, I have no reason to want to do this and and the reason why I would um it. That to me is really more powerful than any not like through all this. It's not like things have been easy, and everything's just been
Lauren Kelly: With Paul and things are great and so
Lauren Kelly: There were
Lauren Kelly: The only thing I've had to focus on. I've had to have
Lauren Kelly: A million life things thrown at thrown at me in this last like, month and a half of being sober and somehow managed to not use to me that's that's really all that matters.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I am so glad that you said that. So when you get to that point.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you will in your mind where you feel that you need to go back and be get yourself beaten up by your past you keep that in your head of what you've accomplished in this amount of time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You you hold on to those good positive things on where you're at today because you're not there. You're not the same person you're moving forward. You're growing emotionally you're growing mentally you're growing physically your recovery is growing strong and you hold on to that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's what I want you to work on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I'm gonna let you go. I got another client coming and I will see you this time next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll see you in group.
Lauren Kelly: On time again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, awesome, awesome. Good job, Lauren. You're doing a great job. Please don't stop whatever you do, do not grab ahold of that negative stuff in the past and feel that you deserve to be beaten up with it because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: where you're at today and where you're going tomorrow doesn't have any room to be beaten up by things that have happened. Yeah.
Lauren Kelly: And I'm trying to do that combating the negative thoughts of positive flossing and all that. So I'm trying to do all that stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, whatever you're doing, it's working because it's shiny through when your eyes. I just want to tell you that
Lauren Kelly: Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And everybody is noticing it.
Lauren Kelly: Yeah, yeah. Even like the girls in group. I'm like, these are like strangers. I don't even really know them in the fact like everyone was like, wow, and I'm like, man, how crappy I'm I've been looking
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sad and more hold on to so much negativity and it shows you know and what I see is that you're slowly being able to let go a little bit and move forward. Instead of sitting in that crap. Yeah, it's a great place to be, just keep doing it. Okay.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you for all your help. I really appreciate it. It's really nice. I have these in that I can talk about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anything you talk to me about anything.
Lauren Kelly: Thank you so much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so no thank you. I appreciate you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so I will see you next week. And you have a great weekend. Okay. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'll talk to you soon. Okay. All right. Bye. Lauren
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi.
THE QUEENS LG: Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you today.
THE QUEENS LG: I'm fine. I forgot that I was supposed to see what 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's okay. Now, when we schedule an appointment, you'll know you know for sure what time it is. So we're, we've got, you know, only about 15 minutes to in this
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Appointment because I have another one right behind you.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'M BECCA. Nice to meet you.
THE QUEENS LG: Nice to meet you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me, what are some of the things that you would like to work on why you're engaged with bright heart.
THE QUEENS LG: Um, I don't know.
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, there's some things that I mean I've been closed for
THE QUEENS LG: Over three years. So I don't know what mental stuff or
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, mental, emotional, behavioral, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How long have you been engaged with Breitbart
THE QUEENS LG: About six months, maybe a little longer, almost a year.
THE QUEENS LG: Think wow close
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me some of the things that you still think that you need to work on for yourself that I can help you with
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Since we're going to be spending time together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Might as well find things you know that you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: still struggle with today. It could be emotional regulation, it can be anger can be
THE QUEENS LG: Yeah angles, a good one.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ingram.
THE QUEENS LG: Excuse me, a dragon Matawan that
THE QUEENS LG: I try to hold it down to a minimum and burn through the boss right now. Well, it hasn't started yet we're still
THE QUEENS LG: Separated anyway.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How's it how recent was that
December.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's that going
THE QUEENS LG: It's a
THE QUEENS LG: Phone. We won't really see that much of each other in ways because he works at a town so
THE QUEENS LG: I probably sound twice twice a month come home for a day or two.
THE QUEENS LG: So it's, it's probably been coming for a long time we were together 17 years old.
Oh,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Was it hard.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Has it been hard for you.
THE QUEENS LG: What really I'm used to be an alarm. So, and I like to be alone. So kind of really like when it was done, I get pissed off because it was gone so much and then when he came home, I'd be pissed off because it was in my space.
THE QUEENS LG: And it was kind of, I mean, we probably should have been several times before.
THE QUEENS LG: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're on this.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: New Venture to develop your life without
A husband, Mom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you are you active in recovery.
THE QUEENS LG: And what role of women.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like that would be good to go ahead
THE QUEENS LG: I'll just do the bed her either go to meetings or anything like that.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, I don't, I don't like that you know meetings and stuff other than a long time ago, I used to drink and drink a lot like every day for like five years after my dad died.
THE QUEENS LG: I went to enter an A and
THE QUEENS LG: Everybody did a little program and everything that I went to go get a birthday party for my sister in the third person that we're going okay I'm in the bathroom doing
THE QUEENS LG: Really
THE QUEENS LG: Well, and then found out that the whole group, you know, everybody that was in there was using and coming on and send
THE QUEENS LG: It to me it was like crap and
THE QUEENS LG: So do those meetings. Well,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. And to tell me a little bit about your support system outside of your family.
THE QUEENS LG: Well, that's just it just my family. I don't talk to me to this area. So, because I was over there. The coast, and now I'm 28 hours away. They say that it takes me two hours to get here.
THE QUEENS LG: But I'm
THE QUEENS LG: Ready everybody used to be over here like getting in prison and
THE QUEENS LG: So I don't have any friends over here right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay so art. Do you go to church or anything.
No.
THE QUEENS LG: No, he kind of go
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm just trying to get to know yeah that's oh
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Let's see, what else, um, what do you do you do you work.
THE QUEENS LG: No among the SSL, but I do a lot of stuff though being
THE QUEENS LG: When I can
Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Like all day every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like what kind
THE QUEENS LG: I paid in us play and
THE QUEENS LG: It's and it's obviously I do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good.
That's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the, for the mind, definitely.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're already doing a form of art therapy.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
THE QUEENS LG: I'll probably pay to those are bad hopes and little name.
THE QUEENS LG: Ignore yeah
THE QUEENS LG: What I don't know what I just did. But, whoops.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, I don't know how to get you back, hold on a minute.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I still hear you.
THE QUEENS LG: Oh, good.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, I was I was hit a button and
THE QUEENS LG: I had a bad moment said, and I remember. So I just push them on the phone right now and it went to a different school so I just sent them off.
THE QUEENS LG: Is that was
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and who
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That was a right, who are you working with a bright heart.
THE QUEENS LG: Jamison Jamison AND JOHN. JOHN
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
THE QUEENS LG: Good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And are you interested in doing individual therapy.
THE QUEENS LG: And I don't know. I did that for a long time. And because I went through a bunch of stuff. Years ago, but um and I did it for like five years almost. I think I went twice a week to see a psychologist or whatever and
THE QUEENS LG: I don't, I'm not really into drugs and has no history and
THE QUEENS LG: I don't know, I just think it's done and over with wall and I got through it.
THE QUEENS LG: Mentioned dancing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Well, let's, um, let's just plan on us working on your on wellness recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For the next couple weeks and it's about moving forward. It's about, you know, finding areas that you need strengthen and allowing me to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sorry, their tech their texts me but allowing me to help you walk through to find wellness for your recovery.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does that make sense. And we'll just kind of set up for the next
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three sessions. We can do it like bi weekly if you want to every other week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Where you and I meet for, you know, an hour and we talked about, you know, things that are going on in your life. Currently,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And things that you're struggling with that we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Build on and help you walk through instead of work at worrying about the past. Let's worry about let's focus on present
THE QUEENS LG: Well, that'll work.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And just kind of get you. Okay. Does that sound like a plan.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what is okay. Tell me, what is your best date in time or date. What's your ideal date and time to be able to meet with me.
THE QUEENS LG: Toes toes. The end of the evening I like I like I like moving on the day after time after 12
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect. And what's the best day of the week.
THE QUEENS LG: Probably rooms, though, because I already met I have set to do on Wednesday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, it is that on your group.
THE QUEENS LG: My group is until 1130 so you know maybe it's sometime after one that we can eat lunch and stuff.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, it would have to be a different date, then your group.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and a different day because you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your insurance. Sorry, I'm trying to type into and talk to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You in Texas, same time and I'm I can't do two things at once.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Anyways, your insurance will only pay for one service a day. So you have to make it on a different day. So if your group is on Wednesday. Let's let me take a look at what about Thursday.
THE QUEENS LG: Those, those would be. I was gonna say Thursday. Yeah, that's good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So THURSDAY THE 27th.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We can do it at like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: 12 or one
THE QUEENS LG: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And we'll start focusing on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The current will start focusing on what's going on in your life right now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of
THE QUEENS LG: The past.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Do you want
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, instead of the 12 or one
THE QUEENS LG: Okay, that sounds fine.
Which one
THE QUEENS LG: You some
THE QUEENS LG: Which you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know it's
THE QUEENS LG: One o'clock. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We will get together every two weeks for the next
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Three will go through three more sessions. So we'll get together on the 27th and then two weeks after that and two weeks after that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now if you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you, if there's anything that arises between
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Our next session and are now in our next session. If you call her and tell them that you want some time, then they'll get you on my schedule sooner if you need it. Okay, and let's just kind of work on recovery wellness for right now.
That's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: just sound like a plan. Oh, all right. And so one o'clock on the 27th will be our next time we'll spend a full hour getting to know each other and talking about things that you want to move forward with things that you're struggling with, and we will devise a plan and and go from them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just see how it pans out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Does this sound like an idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, so I will let you go, and I will see you on the 27th.
THE QUEENS LG: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Thank you. Okay. Sorry. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Don't worry about it. It's all right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, bye.
Bye.